Page 1 of 2 
 
RamKashyap Katari 
Senior Year B.Tech Computer Science & Engineering Student 
Mahindra University, Hyderabad 
Mob: +91 9346072737 
Email: ramkashyapkatari@gmail.com 
 
 
 
To secure a position in a fun and challenging working environment, where I can enhance my skills, 
learn new technologies, and tackle challenging projects. I am eager to contribute and evolve my 
expertise in the corporate industry while being motivated by the reputed companies’ growth and 
success. 
 
Year Course Institute Board / University Percentage 
2020 -
Present 
B. Tech in 
Computer science 
Mahindra University, 
Hyderabad Autonomous 7.67(till 6th 
semester) 
2018 -
2020 
Class XII 
Intermediate 
Page Junior College, 
Hyderabad 
Board of Intermediate 
Education 96.5 % 
2018 Class X 
S.S.C 
ACE High School, 
Karimnagar Telangana State Board 10 GPA 
 
 
 
Programming Languages C, C++, Java 
Scripting Languages JavaScript, React, SQL 
Operating Systems Windows and Linux 
Web Development HTML, CSS,  
Database SQL and Oracle 
 
 
Interned at Tecnics Integration Technologies Private Limited, Hyderabad during summer of 2023 and 
did a web-based application.  
 
The 'Assessment Portal' is a platform for creating online tests and exams that are tailored to the needs 
of the end user. This assessment solution is intended for business and training tests; recruitment and 
pre-employment assessments; educational facilities - including schools,  distance learning, online 
courses & E -Learning, and self -study groups; and practice tests. It also assists organizations and 
institutes in centrally managing assessment activities. This portal has six major features: Multiuser 
Login & Role-based Access Control, Online Tests & Psychometric Tests, Surveys, Result Release, User 
Management, and Scheduling. 
 
Project Name Assessment Portal 
Role Team Member 
Duration 1 Month 
Environment HTML, CSS, React, Spring-Boot, MySQL 
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
SOFTWARE PROFICIENCY  
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION 
INTERNSHIP, IMPLANT TRAINING AND PROJECT 
Page 2 of 2 
 
 
 
Project Name Project Description 
Abstractive Text 
Summarization 
The former extracts words and word phrases from the original text to 
create a summary but Abstractive Text Summarization is the task of 
generating a short and the concise summary that captures the salient 
ideas of the source text. 
Machine learning project 
(Data Classification of 
Heart Diseases Using KNN 
Algorithm) 
Created a data classification model which helps in detecting the heart 
diseases at early stage, by using various techniques like KNN, SVM, 
Random Forest, clustering, and other techniques. 
Mobile Application for the 
social networking of MU 
students 
Mahindra University Instapp is a social networking app that is a 
combination of a secure photo sharing and communication app that 
is exclusive to students. The main purpose of the app is the intra-
networking of students in the same university without any outside 
people to limit unwanted exposure. 
 
 
 
• CHESS: Got 2nd prize in Telangana state level chess competition held in Hyderabad. 
• Short-film : Department of photography of a short-film and got second prize in Mahindra University  
Master-shot film event. 
 
 
• Web Development: Crafting user-friendly and visually appealing websites using modern  
technologies like React and Node.js. 
• Data Science: Utilizing data analytics and machine learning to derive meaningful insights and  
solve real-world problems. 
 
 
Fathers Name: Laxmi Narsimha Rao 
Address: Bhagya Nagar, Jagtial 
Languages Known: English, Hindi, French, Telugu 
Hobbies: Playing Guitar, Photography, Travelling, Cooking 
 
PROJECTS 
ACHIEVEMENTS AND EXTRA CURRICULAR 
AREAS OF INTEREST 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 